with you heading popular science and I anar
mansa
welcome and escorted by viewers
robotics exploring the structure of the living
creatures that move optimally
using the energy of your own body
created a robot kangaroo he is not only
jumps but responds to commands like
jumping live kangaroo they effectively
spending energy one jump for
committing another the same principle was
rooted in king
significantly inferior to speed hereby
kangaroo kangaroo robot weighs only seven
a kilogram and its height is about
one meter
nonetheless he can bounce on
40 centimeters high moving
Forward in one leap 80 centimeters
what is the undoubted record for
robot push off device
use compressed air kangaroos here
just like a lively kangaroo helps me
jump time is 100, but for gestures
reacts thanks to a special
brotherhood is worn by the master
whom he always keeps before his eyes
have you ever seen a phone
fully charged in 30 seconds
look at this fascinating picture
new battery introduced
Israeli developers afterwards
exist as a prototype however
the company plans to release it on
market for three years
currently different battery
pretty big with about a pack
cigarette in bio - organic batteries
use the so-called
self-assembled on the crystals
created from peptide molecules and here you are
already see how gradually gradually
full smartphone battery
charging your phone is ready to go
how to find a planet like this in the universe
because our land is like others
exoplanets are very dim and practically
quietly in space
let's launch the utility room into space
offered in us this apparatus will be able
take photos of distant exoplanets so
how best to sunflower and block the light
emanating from the star of the petal shaped
the shape of the instruments reduces the bending of the light
waves and it increases the chances that
telescope get a clear image
exoplanets another advantage
the sunflower should become the presence of it
engines thanks to which the flower
will be able to move independently from
one subject in another heading
popular science says goodbye to you before
new meetings
brainstorm discussion club where
discusses the most pressing issues
science
what are the new cancer treatments like
separate this thesis from
fake why we don't get a signal from
extraterrestrial civilizations these other topics in
brainstorming studios discuss
leading russian scientists every monday
in the morning on the channel tv center
she conducts the program Urmantsev